g'day guys welcome to Aussie gorilla
today I'm making salt and pepper squid
now this is one of my favorites so sit
back and enjoy all right guys salt and
pepper squid one of my pub favorites so
for starters you will need some squid
tubes and you just want to cut them into
rings now you can buy your rings pre-cut
but this way it's cheaper and it's just
as easy so this is what we're looking
for here now for a flour mixture so here
I've got 1/3 of a cup of plain flour and
1/4 cup of corn flour and to this I'm
going to add a teaspoon of salt just
regular table salt a teaspoon of white
pepper 1/2 teaspoon of cayenne pepper
now this will just give it a bit of zing
you can adjust your cayenne pepper to
your taste and a quarter teaspoon of
black pepper
and just give that a quick mix and then
simply coat your squid rings with the
flour mix allow these to stand for a few
minutes so that mix you can stick and
here I've got a barbecue plate preheated
to a medium-high heat of course you can
use your frying pan if you like and I've
got a generous dose of olive oil on
there and I'm just gonna cook these for
about a minute each side so quick and
easy they're done already guys just
remove them from the barbecue onto some
paper towel to drain off any excess fat
serve up with a nice side salad and
you're done and that is top notch guys
give it a go make sure you check out my
indoor cooking channel Google+ and
Facebook the links are in the
description bar along with the full list
of ingredients for today's recipe thanks
for watching and I'll catch you all on
Wednesday nights show